Note why system tests may fail (#4949)
greenriver/hmis-warehouse: .github/pull_request_template.md

- [ ] I have updated the documentation (or not applicable)
- [ ] I have added spec tests (or not applicable)
- [ ] I have provided testing instructions in this PR or the related issue (or not applicable)

> [//]: # NOTE: system tests may fail if there is no corresponding branch on the front-end, this is expected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[//]: # NOTE: system tests may fail if there is no branch on the hmis-frontend that matches the Source  or Target branch of this PR. This is expected
```
A little more specific
